[DM-4007] lwm2m realtime bugfix (#2557)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent_10-20-400-0_realtime-fix.md

---
date: 

> title: Realtime notifications fix 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Realtime operation notifications fail-safe improvements for LWM2M service
```

> title: Realtime operation notifications fail-safe improvements for LWM2M service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Improved reliability of real-time operation notifications for LWM2M service
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4007
version: 10.20.400.0
---

> In certain cases, real-time connections could be disrupted due to error-handling issues within the LWM2M agent. This issue has now been resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain cases, real-time connections for the operation notifications could be disrupted due to error-handling issues within the LWM2M service. This issue has now been resolved.
```
